========
DSD-3378-A - Information Graphics: How to Present Information Visually - FA 17-SP18 - Buchanan, L

Class website: information-graphics.github.io

This course explores the full range of information graphics, from the printed page to multimedia, from simple charts to complex mega-graphics. You will gain a comprehensive understanding of the field of information design, and the skills needed to create solutions of the highest caliber. In our information-driven age, design directors are looking for designers who can bring an understanding of information design to their department. It can also be a complete career in its own right.


========
Syllabus

This class is about learning how to tell a story through visuals — primarily through the use of charts, maps, diagrams and other visual forms. 

A few things you should know — 

Show up to class. If you can't, let me know. For each unexcused absence, you lose 5% from your final grade. More than 3 and you fail. 

Do you work. There will be four major assignments each worth 100 points. You will be graded on the process and progress, just as much as the final piece. You will present and we will crit each final piece. There will be other smaller readings and graded assignments along the way. 

I will not accept late assignments. 

Process is important. You will be rewarded for taking risks, even if those risks fail, and you can show your process. 

Participate. You are exepcted to participate each class. Group projects will be common and you'll be graded on your effort. 

I am here to help. Do not hesistate to ask for help at any time. I am happy to come early, stay late, or meet with you at another time to make sure you're successful in this class. Do not wait until the last minute. 

Bring your laptop to every class. 

Don't text or use your computer for personal stuff during class. 

Students with Disabilities
In order to receive academic accommodations due to a disability, a student must first register with the Office of Disability Services (ODS). Students approved for accommodations will be given an ODS Accommodation Letter to submit to their instructors. If a student does not provide an ODS Accommodation Letter to their instructor, they will not be eligible to receive accommodations in that course. All instructors are required to adhere to SVA’s policies regarding accommodations for students with disabilities. Students who have a need for academic accommodations, or suspect they may have a disability, should contact the ODS via telephone: 212-592-2396, or visit the office: 340 East 24th Street, 1st Floor, New York, NY 10010, or email: disabilityresources@sva.edu.



